README.md, before:

# 🔗 Blockchain Learning Journey

*My implementation of SavjeeCoin following the tutorial series*

---

**⚠️ For education purposes only. Learning blockchain fundamentals through hands-on implementation.**

## 📚 What I'm Learning

Following [Savjee's Blockchain Tutorial Series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124&list=PLzvRQMJ9HDiTqZmbtFisdXFxul5k0F-Q4) to understand:

### ✅ Parts 1-4: Core Blockchain (JavaScript)
- **Part 1**: Basic blockchain structure ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124))
- **Part 2**: Proof-of-Work algorithm ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HneatE69814))
- **Part 3**: Mining rewards & transactions ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRV6cGXVQ4I))
- **Part 4**: Digital signatures ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWQ84S13-hw))

### 🚧 Part 5: Frontend (React instead of Angular)
- **Part 5**: Building a React frontend ([Original Angular Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQV0WNpE_3g))

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
savjeecoin/
├── src/                           # Core blockchain implementation
│   ├── blockchain.js              # Blockchain, Block, Transaction classes
│   ├── keygenerator.js            # Wallet key generation
│   └── main.js                    # Demo usage
├── package.json                   # Blockchain dependencies
└── savjeecoin-frontend-react/     # React frontend (Part 5)
    ├── src/
    ├── components/
    ├── pages/
    └── services/
```

---

## 📖 Original Tutorial

[Original SavjeeCoin repo](https://github.com/Savjee/SavjeeCoin) | [Tutorial Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124&list=PLzvRQMJ9HDiTqZmbtFisdXFxul5k0F-Q4)

## Features

* Simple proof-of-work algorithm
* Verify blockchain (to prevent tampering)
* Generate wallet (private/public key)
* Sign transactions

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

### Install library
```
npm install --save savjeecoin
```

### Generate a keypair
To make transactions on this blockchain you need a keypair. The public key becomes your wallet address and the private key is used to sign transactions.

```js
const EC = require('elliptic').ec;
const ec = new EC('secp256k1');

const myKey = ec.genKeyPair();
```

The `myKey` object now contains your public & private key:

```js
console.log('Public key:', myKey.getPublic('hex'));
console.log('Private key:', myKey.getPrivate('hex'));
```

### Create a blockchain instance
Now you can create a new instance of a Blockchain:

```js
const {Blockchain, Transaction} = require('savjeecoin');

const myChain = new Blockchain();
```

### Adding transactions
```js
// Transfer 100 coins from my wallet to "toAddress"
const tx = new Transaction(myKey.getPublic('hex'), 'toAddress', 100);
tx.sign(myKey);

myChain.addTransaction(tx);
```

To finalize this transaction, we have to mine a new block. We give this method our wallet address because we will receive a mining reward:

```js
myChain.minePendingTransactions(myKey.getPublic('hex'));
```


---

## 📽 Video tutorial
This source code comes from [my video series on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124&list=PLzvRQMJ9HDiTqZmbtFisdXFxul5k0F-Q4). You can check them here:

| Video 1: Simple implementation | Video 2: Adding Proof-of-work |
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/zVqczFZr124/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124) | [![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/HneatE69814/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HneatE69814)
| Video 3: Mining rewards & transactions | Video 4: Signing transactions |
[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/fRV6cGXVQ4I/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRV6cGXVQ4I) | [![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/kWQ84S13-hw/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWQ84S13-hw)
| Video 5: Building a front-end in Angular
[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/AQV0WNpE_3g/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQV0WNpE_3g) |

Commit message:

feat: add to learning notes and add the learning notes section to README

README.md, after:

# 🔗 Blockchain Learning Journey

*My implementation of SavjeeCoin following the tutorial series*

---

**⚠️ For education purposes only. Learning blockchain fundamentals through hands-on implementation.**

## 📚 What I'm Learning

Following [Savjee's Blockchain Tutorial Series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124&list=PLzvRQMJ9HDiTqZmbtFisdXFxul5k0F-Q4) to understand:

### ✅ Parts 1-4: Core Blockchain (JavaScript)
- **Part 1**: Basic blockchain structure ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124))
- **Part 2**: Proof-of-Work algorithm ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HneatE69814))
- **Part 3**: Mining rewards & transactions ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRV6cGXVQ4I))
- **Part 4**: Digital signatures ([Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWQ84S13-hw))

### 🚧 Part 5: Frontend (React instead of Angular)
- **Part 5**: Building a React frontend ([Original Angular Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQV0WNpE_3g))

## 📝 Learning Notes

Detailed explanations of my learnings on blockchain concepts, common pitfalls, and implementation decisions: **[LEARNING_NOTES.md](LEARNING_NOTES.md)**

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
savjeecoin/
├── src/                           # Core blockchain implementation
│   ├── blockchain.js              # Blockchain, Block, Transaction classes
│   ├── keygenerator.js            # Wallet key generation
│   └── main.js                    # Demo usage
├── package.json                   # Blockchain dependencies
└── savjeecoin-frontend-react/     # React frontend (Part 5)
    ├── src/
    ├── components/
    ├── pages/
    └── services/
```

---

## 📖 Original Tutorial

[Original SavjeeCoin repo](https://github.com/Savjee/SavjeeCoin) | [Tutorial Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124&list=PLzvRQMJ9HDiTqZmbtFisdXFxul5k0F-Q4)

## Features

* Simple proof-of-work algorithm
* Verify blockchain (to prevent tampering)
* Generate wallet (private/public key)
* Sign transactions

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

### Install library
```
npm install --save savjeecoin
```

### Generate a keypair
To make transactions on this blockchain you need a keypair. The public key becomes your wallet address and the private key is used to sign transactions.

```js
const EC = require('elliptic').ec;
const ec = new EC('secp256k1');

const myKey = ec.genKeyPair();
```

The `myKey` object now contains your public & private key:

```js
console.log('Public key:', myKey.getPublic('hex'));
console.log('Private key:', myKey.getPrivate('hex'));
```

### Create a blockchain instance
Now you can create a new instance of a Blockchain:

```js
const {Blockchain, Transaction} = require('savjeecoin');

const myChain = new Blockchain();
```

### Adding transactions
```js
// Transfer 100 coins from my wallet to "toAddress"
const tx = new Transaction(myKey.getPublic('hex'), 'toAddress', 100);
tx.sign(myKey);

myChain.addTransaction(tx);
```

To finalize this transaction, we have to mine a new block. We give this method our wallet address because we will receive a mining reward:

```js
myChain.minePendingTransactions(myKey.getPublic('hex'));
```


---

## 📽 Video tutorial
This source code comes from [my video series on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124&list=PLzvRQMJ9HDiTqZmbtFisdXFxul5k0F-Q4). You can check them here:

| Video 1: Simple implementation | Video 2: Adding Proof-of-work |
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/zVqczFZr124/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVqczFZr124) | [![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/HneatE69814/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HneatE69814)
| Video 3: Mining rewards & transactions | Video 4: Signing transactions |
[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/fRV6cGXVQ4I/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRV6cGXVQ4I) | [![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/kWQ84S13-hw/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWQ84S13-hw)
| Video 5: Building a front-end in Angular
[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/AQV0WNpE_3g/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQV0WNpE_3g) |
